res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 1A/extracted/left strafe walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 1A/extracted/left strafe.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 1A/extracted/left turn 90.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 1A/extracted/left turn.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 1A/extracted/right strafe walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 1A/extracted/right strafe.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 1A/extracted/right turn 90.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 1A/extracted/right turn.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 1A/extracted/running.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 1A/extracted/walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 2A/extracted/left strafe walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 2A/extracted/left strafe.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 2A/extracted/left turn 90.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 2A/extracted/left turn.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 2A/extracted/right strafe walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 2A/extracted/right strafe.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 2A/extracted/right turn 90.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 2A/extracted/right turn.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 2A/extracted/running.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 2A/extracted/walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 3A/extracted/left strafe walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 3A/extracted/left strafe.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 3A/extracted/left turn 90.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 3A/extracted/left turn.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 3A/extracted/right strafe walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 3A/extracted/right strafe.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 3A/extracted/right turn 90.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 3A/extracted/right turn.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 3A/extracted/running.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 3A/extracted/walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 4A/extracted/left strafe walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 4A/extracted/left strafe.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 4A/extracted/left turn 90.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 4A/extracted/left turn.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 4A/extracted/right strafe walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 4A/extracted/right strafe.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 4A/extracted/right turn 90.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 4A/extracted/right turn.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 4A/extracted/running.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 4A/extracted/walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 5A/extracted/left strafe walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 5A/extracted/left strafe.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 5A/extracted/left turn 90.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 5A/extracted/left turn.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 5A/extracted/right strafe walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 5A/extracted/right strafe.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 5A/extracted/right turn 90.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 5A/extracted/right turn.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 5A/extracted/running.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 5A/extracted/walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 6A/extracted/left strafe walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 6A/extracted/left strafe.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 6A/extracted/left turn 90.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 6A/extracted/left turn.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 6A/extracted/right strafe walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 6A/extracted/right strafe.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 6A/extracted/right turn 90.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 6A/extracted/right turn.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 6A/extracted/running.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 6A/extracted/walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/extracted/left strafe walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/extracted/left strafe.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/extracted/left turn 90.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/extracted/left turn.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/extracted/right strafe walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/extracted/right strafe.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/extracted/right turn 90.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/extracted/right turn.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/extracted/running.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/extracted/walking.tres
res://main.tscn
res://themes/main.tres
res://characters/Animations/fighting_step_backward.tres
res://characters/Models/Fighter 6A.tscn
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 6A/extracted/idle.tres
res://characters/Animations/mixamo_animation_list.txt
res://addons/fbx_anim_extractor/plugin.gd
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/fighting/extracted/Long Left Side Step.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/fighting/extracted/Long Right Side Step.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/fighting/extracted/Long Step Forward.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/fighting/extracted/Step Backward.tres
res://characters/Models/Fighter 7A.tscn
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/moving/extracted/idle.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/moving/extracted/left strafe walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/moving/extracted/left strafe.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/moving/extracted/right strafe walking.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/moving/extracted/right strafe.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/moving/extracted/running.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/moving/extracted/walking.tres
res://characters/Animations/Animation_Node_State_Machine_Base.res
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/moving/extracted/Running Backward.tres
res://art/Mixamo/Fighter 7A/moving/extracted/Walking Backwards.tres
res://characters/Rex/Rex.tscn
res://maps/Ring One/ring_one.tscn
res://characters/MrT/MrT.tscn
res://characters/Models/fighter_1a.tscn
